Create rule S6859: Imports should not use absolute paths (#3465)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6859/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> In Node.js importing modules is doable by providing an absolute path such as `/lib/foo/bar.js`. Doing this restricts the portability of your code, making it specific to your computer's file system and potentially causing issues when the code is distributed, for example, through NPM packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node.js, it's possible to import modules by specifying an absolute path, such as `/lib/foo/bar.js`. However, this approach can limit the portability of your code, as it becomes tied to your computer's file system. This could potentially lead to problems when the code is distributed, for instance, via NPM packages. Therefore, it's advisable to use relative paths or module names for importing modules to enhance the portability and compatibility of your code across different systems.
```

== How to fix it

Replace the absolute path with one that is relative to your current file.

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,js,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
import { foo } from '/home/project/api/bar.js';
----

==== Compliant solution

> [source,text,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,js,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
```
